chore: release (#466)
MarcoIeni/release-plz: crates/release_plz/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [0.2.35](https://github.com/MarcoIeni/release-plz/compare/release-plz-v0.2.34...release-plz-v0.2.35) - 2023-01-16

> ### Other
> - updated the following local packages: git_cmd, release_plz_core

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Added
- *(release-pr)* do not include the crate name if no workspace (#461)

### Fixed
- wrong log line (#464)
```

## [Unreleased]

## [0.2.35](https://github.com/MarcoIeni/release-plz/compare/release-plz-v0.2.34...release-plz-v0.2.35) - 2023-01-16

> ### Added
> - *(release-pr)* do not include the crate name if no workspace (#461)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Added
- *(release-pr)* do not include the crate name if there is only one
  publishable package in the project (#461)
```
